Add dxDiagram shape types (#592)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxDiagram/1 Configuration/toolbox/groups/shapes.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Lists the shapes in the group. See the built-in shape types' appearances in the [Shape Types](/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/Diagram/Shape_Types/) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists the shapes in the group. The built-in shape types are listed in the [Shape Types](/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/Diagram/Shape_Types/) section.
```
